Ballistic Calculator feature list:
    Factors to include:
        Muzzle Velocity (fps) – Initial speed of the bullet.
        Bullet Weight (grains) – Needed to calculate energy and some drag models.
        Ballistic Coefficient (G1/G7) – Determines how quickly the bullet slows due to air resistance.
        Distance to Target (yards/meters) – Simulation runs from 0 to this range
        Wind Speed/Direction – Affects lateral drift.
        Atmospheric Conditions (altitude, temp, humidity) – Used to compute air density.
        Scope Height & Zero Distance – Affects trajectory relative to line of sight.
        Spin Drift, Coriolis – Advanced adjustments past ~800m.
        MOA/MIL Reticle Info – For outputting drop/drift in reticle units.

    calibrator
        user sets phone down on the flat surface on which they are shooting (table, mat, ground, etc).
        the phone should note its current vertical angle in order to be able to find it in the next step

        user puts the target in the center of the phone camera, the app should use a compass to determine 
        which way they are looking, find the vertical angle which the phone is pointing to find elevation
        angle

    weapon profile
        user can enter data about their weapon, such as barrel length, barrel twist rate, barrel material,
        muzzle brake, height over bore, scope zero, etc

    ammo profile
        user can enter data about ammo they shoot, such as caliber, grain weight, powder load, G1 and G7 BC,
        bullet length, etc. The user should also be able to select their ammo if its factory made, which 
        should fill this data from a database/google sheet

    atmospheric data collector
        pull data from a weather app API to determine windspeed/direction, altitude, temp, and humidity

    advanced variable Calculator
        uses data from weapon and ammo profiles to find more advanced variables, such as total flight time,
        coriolis effect, spin drift, bullet stability, crosswind, MOA confidence, bullet energy at impact, etc

    single target Calculator
        user selects weapon and ammo profile, specifies exact range to target, and calibrates phone to target.
        calculator gives back exact MOA adjustments for Up/Down, L/R, as well as a calculation confidence
        measurment in MOA range

    dope card display
        user selects weapon and ammo profile, and calibrates phone towards shooting range/targets. full page
        graph display dope card displays with color coded key for MOA confidence ranges

    import/export/save
        ability to import, export, and save dope cards, weapon profiles, and ammo profiles

    manual override
        let user manually override factors that are determined automatically via atmospheric data collector,
        calibration, or advanced variable calculator

Other ideas:
    ammo database builder, most likely by site scraping ammo.com 

    implement mantis to show the user if they pulled a shot